J A N U A R Y  2 0 2 5
P A R A D I G M P R E S S G R O U P. C O M
YOUR 2025 ROADMAP
Elon Musk's Monopoly on the Future
The ecosystem of dominance Elon Musk has built 
will change every aspect of our lives. From the 
space boom, to AI, to crypto and more, James 
shows you six ways to act on everything Elon.
X Money: Musk’s Favorite Crypto  
(Not Dogecoin)
Musk’s vision of making X the go-to payment 
platform is coming… and it’s coming fast.  Crypto 
analyst Chris Campbell reveals two cryptos you  
can invest in now that are already helping Musk 
collect customer payments worldwide.
Mr. Spaceforce Meets Mr. SpaceX: A New 
Space Race Begins
The Trump-Musk dynamic duo is about to reshape 
America's growing space program. Analyst Ari 
Goldschmidt dives into the exciting opportunities  
as the space race heats up.
The Trump/Musk Microcap Double-Play
With the combined forces of Donald Trump and Elon 
Musk, small-cap stocks are primed for a massive 
takeoff. James’ small-cap analyst, Chris Cimorelli, 
shows you the catalysts ahead for a runup in these 
scrappy, innovative companies.
Bonus: Ask James
James answers a subscriber’s most pressing  
question about life, money and the markets.
JAMES ALTUCHER         
Editor
CHRIS CAMPBELL         
Editor
ARI GOLDSCHMIDT             
Editor
CHRIS CIMORELLI                 
Editor  
JENNIFER GOSNELL      
Managing Editor
NICK STERN            
Managing Editor 
INVESTMENT NETWORK
JAMES ALTUCHER’S
Elon Musk's Monopoly on the Future
How Elon’s vision could create huge new wealth
By: James Altucher
It was Fall 2001.
The prominent venture capitalist Adeo Ressi was telling me about his 
former college roommate who was setting up a company to make rockets 
that were going to take people to Mars.
Adeo didn’t know it but I had just gone broke and was scared to death 
that I was going to lose my home. Which I did. The first thing I learned 
about going broke, though, is to never tell people you are going broke.
Because then they stop returning your calls. You cease to exist.
“People are going to go to Mars,” Adeo was telling me. His college room-
mate, of course, was Elon Musk.
“I’m going to move out to San Francisco,” Adeo said, “this is where it’s all 
happening. You should come also.”
“I would,” I said, “but I don’t smoke a lot of crack and it seems like you’ve 
been doing more than usual.”
He laughed. “This is serious. My friend knows what he’s doing.”
Well, we’ll see, I thought. But I couldn’t even afford diapers for my kids, 
or my $18,000/month mortgage. I was going broke and crying myself to 
sleep every night, pretty sure that I had screwed up not only my life but 
my two-year-old children’s lives as well.
I paid for lunch.
The Elon Effect
Here’s why this is important though — “The Muskonomy”, as I like to 
call it, has existed for a long time.
First it was in Elon Musk’s head. Then it was in startups that were barely 
surviving, then it was in IPOs of companies that had no revenues, and 
now it's reality.
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
This is what we should care about.
Not a 0.25% increase in the interest rates on our savings 
account but how soon it will be before I can send telepath-
ic messages to you through the Neuralink chips implanted 
in our brains. “Brain Emails”. BMail. You’re welcome.
What’s interesting to me is that everything Musk sets  
out to do seems impossible at first but then it turns out 
he’s thought it through and it’s now possible and then  
it happens.
It's interesting to look at what Musk DOESN’T do.
For instance, he’s not working on quantum computing. 
You know why? Because at the moment there are no prac-
tical uses for quantum computers.
I’m sure I’ll talk a bit more about quantum computing in a 
later issue. Because it is real and we DO need solutions for 
things like quantum security, etc. But in terms of what is 
scientifically possible right now, it’s just not there.
But let's look at the things Musk chose to work on 20+ 
years ago.
•	 Rockets to Mars
•	 Chips in our brains
•	 High-speed tunnels that can take you around the 
world in less than an hour
•	 Self-driving electric vehicles
•	 Solar power to power all our needs
•	 AIso, powerful AI that the AI itself creates the 
next generation of… even more powerful AI
All of these things sound ridiculous. Scratch that. Sounded 
ridiculous.
But they’re real.
SpaceX put up more satellites last year than all the satel-
lites launched into space in the prior 60 years. And as our 
analyst Ari Goldschmidt explains in the issue, Elon’s plans 
for SpaceX are only getting started.
Neuralink has helped paralyzed people move and will help 
blind people see.
Every other car on the road seems like a Tesla now and I 
even own a Cybertruck (and I don’t have a driver’s license).
The Boring Company has announced plans to build a 
tunnel from NYC to London that will get you across the 
Atlantic Ocean in 45 minutes.
In Memphis, Tennessee, the world’s largest AI computer 
is being built with 1,000,000 NVDA chips in it. It’s called 
“Colossus” and will be the computer that builds xAI’s AI.
As our crypto analyst Chris Campbell will show you later 
in this issue, X.com recently announced it will launch X 
Money, which will become (my prediction) the biggest 
payments and shopping platform in the world.
Whenever someone told Elon, “You can’t do that,” he 
heard it as: “I have to now do this.”
The Poster Child of “Choose Yourself”
In 2013, I wrote a book 
called, “Choose Yourself”. 
It's about how you should 
not let others be the 
gatekeepers to your 
dreams.
Elon is a prime example.
With each category above, 
he didn’t study it in school, 
Copyright 2025 by Paradigm Press, LLC. All rights reserved. This newsletter may only be used pur-
suant to the subscription agreement, and any reproduction, copying or redistribution (electronic 
or otherwise, including on the World Wide Web), in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without 
the express written permission of Paradigm Press, LLC, 1001 Cathedral Street, Baltimore, MD 21201.
Paradigm Press allows the editors of publications to recommend securities that they own themselves. However, our policy 
prohibits editors from exiting a personal trade while the recommendation to subscribers is open. In no circumstance may 
an editor sell a security before our subscribers have a fair opportunity to exit. The length of time an editor must wait after 
subscribers have been advised to exit a play depends on the type of publication. All other employees and agents must wait 24 
hours after on-line publication prior to following an initial recommendation. All other Paradigm Press employees and agents 
must wait 24 hours prior to following a recommendation. The information contained herein has been obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable. The accuracy of this information cannot be guaranteed. Signed articles represent the opinions of the 
authors and not necessarily those of the editors. Neither the publisher nor the editor is a registered investment adviser. Readers 
should carefully review investment prospectuses and should consult investment counsel before investing.
Contact our Customer Care Center:
Please call (844) 731-0984 or visit us at  
paradigmpressgroup.com/contact-us.
Altucher’s Investment Network is published monthly for $99 
per year by Paradigm Press, LLC, 1001 Cathedral Street, 
Baltimore, MD 21201 www.paradigmpressgroup.com.  
Subscriptions are US $99 per year for U.S. residents. 
Editors: James Altucher; Chris Campbell, Ari Goldschmidt  
& Chris Cimorelli 
Managing editor: Jennifer Gosnell; Managing editor:  
Nick Stern, Graphic Design: Chad Clikeman
3
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
get a certificate that affirmed he was an expert, or work his 
way up some artificial ladder.
Musk didn’t know anything about rocket science. So he read 
a book. Then two. Then 100. Then he called up physicists 
and people who worked on rockets. Then he hired them. 
Worked 24 hours a day with them. And now he launches 
the most sophisticated rockets in the world with them.
You can do it also.
Don’t let a lack of a specialized degree slow you down. 
Don’t let a lack of money slow you down.
Even if it's literally rocket science, you can learn enough 
to be useful.
For example, I’m no Musk, but I’ve had four or five differ-
ent careers where I started with zero knowledge. Through 
the power of obsession, I learned my way to the top or 
close to it.
But, more importantly for us now, the Muskonomy, the 
world being created by Elon Musk’s companies, is going  
to change every aspect of our lives.
Which means trillions of dollars worth of change will  
happen in the next few years.
And every one of those trillions of dollars is going to make 
someone one dollar richer.
How can we all get our hands on some of those trillions 
of dollars? By investing in the businesses helping him turn 
his dreams into reality. Many, many companies are already 
involved in Musk’s businesses.
Does this mean you have to move out to San Francisco 
and work for one of these companies, as I perhaps had the 
chance to in 2001?
Not at all. Stay at home, be with your family, watch 
“Landman” at night with your spouse. Enjoy yourself.
But whatever you do, build a portfolio that is fueled by the 
Muskonomy.
At Altucher’s Investment Network, that’s exactly what we’re 
focusing on this month.
So here’s a short list of some of the different industries 
Elon Musk’s businesses will disrupt and stocks you can buy 
to capitalize on the new Muskonomy...
Finance
Earlier this month, X CEO Linda Yaccarino confirmed a 
prediction I made months ago.
In 2025, X will launch X Money.
In the process, X will seek to become the dominant way 
that people pay for things and interact with each other.
However, X is unlikely to make its debut in the payment 
system without some outside help.
As I outlined in my report Elon Musk’s Final Blueprint, I 
predict that X will partner with outside companies to make 
their payment system possible.
One of these companies is likely to be the Altucher Investment 
Network portfolio pick, Block, Inc. (XYZ).
Block was founded by Twitter (now X) founder and  
current investor, Jack Dorsey.
Dorsey has been a vocal advocate of the blockchain and  
a key partner in Musk’s X acquisition.
Based on this relationship, I would be surprised if X chose 
to partner with any company other than Block.
Media
Beyond finance, Musk has aspirations to turn X into a 
“super app”, that is, the only app you need to accomplish 
everything you could want to do.
I expect that it won’t be long before X announces e-com-
merce capabilities.
As social media companies look to reduce their depend-
ence on advertising and content creators look to increase 
their earnings, other social media companies have begun  
to offer in-app shopping.
Facebook, Instagram, and TikTok, all offer online shop-
ping within their social media apps.
It won’t be long before X jumps on that train as well.
The most logical partner for X is our Altucher’s Investment 
Network recommendation, Shopify Inc. (SHOP).
As the largest independent platform for online shopping 
outside of Amazon, Shopify already hosts thousands of 
stores.
A partnership with X would give Shopify greater exposure, 
helping them compete more effectively with Amazon, and 
would give X the ability to earn new revenue sources from 
their existing audience.
Space
It’s no secret Elon Musk is a big fan of space.
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
4
In a period of just over a decade, he’s developed a rocket 
program that has become the number one contractor  
for NASA.
His long-term goals include completing the first manned 
mission to mars, and eventually, helping human beings live 
permanently on Mars.
In the process, he’s also been setting up the largest tele-
communications company in the world.
SpaceX’s sister company, Starlink, has placed thousands 
of satellites in orbit, prepared to provide cell service and 
high-speed internet to just about every corner of the globe.
Starlink alone is a business that is worth many billions  
of dollars.
But Starlink is just part of SpaceX's business.
The company also makes money by transporting satellites 
and other objects into space for NASA and private corpo-
rations.
In time, SpaceX will probably find new ways to generate 
revenue, including some far-out ideas like mining objects in 
space. (It is estimated that there are vast quantities of pre-
cious metals and other valuable materials in space, includ-
ing more than 20 million tons of gold in the asteroid belt).
One backdoor investment opportunity for you to take 
advantage of the growth of SpaceX and Starlink is the  
ERShares Private-Public Crossover ETF (XOVR).
XOVR invests in both public and private companies, and 
owns shares in Google, Nvidia, Meta, Oracle and many 
other top tech companies.
Most importantly, XOVR also owns shares in SpaceX. 
Almost 9% of XOVR’s holdings is invested in SpaceX, 
giving investors a backdoor way to invest in SpaceX before 
the company hits public markets.
And while XOVR is not an official recommendation in the 
Altucher’s Investment Network portfolio, we truly believe 
this is one of the best ways to gain exposure to SpaceX. 
But if you do decide to invest in XOVR, make sure to 
conduct your own due diligence, plan your entry and exit 
carefully, and never invest money you can't afford to lose as 
this won’t be tracked in our model portfolio.
AI
Outside of Memphis, Tennessee, is Musk’s most ambi-
tious project yet.
‘Project Colossus’, as it’s known internally, is Musk’s  
new pet project to build one of the most powerful  
supercomputers in the world.
Project Colossus
Officially, Colossus will be used to train and operate the 
latest AI models for Musk’s AI business, xAI.
Apart from training the latest xAI models, Colossus could 
eventually become the central nervous system for all of 
Musk’s businesses.
For one thing, Colossus began with a loan of Nvidia serv-
ers originally purchased by Tesla.
Clearly Musk isn’t shy about sharing resources between his 
various companies.
On top of this, xAI is already deeply integrated into X, 
with further integration likely to continue in the future.
I would not be surprised if all of Musk’s other businesses 
— Neuralink, SpaceX, Tesla, etc. — take advantage  
of Colossus at some point in the future for their different 
AI and computing needs.
As I cover in the report Elon's Silent Partner: Target 
1,000% Gains on the Emerging Tech Titan Making AI 
2.0 a Reality, one of the biggest beneficiaries of Project 
Colossus is the company partnering with Nvidia to provide 
AI infrastructure, Dell Technologies Inc. (DELL).
But Dell, a newer addition to the Altucher’s Investment 
Network AI portfolio, isn’t the only AI hardware company 
cashing in from Elon’s Business…
Automotive/Tesla
This past fall, Tesla (TSLA), also in the Altucher’s Invest-
ment Network AI portfolio, raised the curtain on a project 
years in the making.
At an event in Los Angeles, Tesla officially announced the 
development of a new robotaxi, called Cybercab.
5
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
The Cybercab is the natural evolution of Tesla’s years-long 
project to develop technology for cars to drive themselves, 
unassisted by a human driver.
At the heart of Tesla’s self-driving technology are AI 
models that can handle every conceivable circumstance a 
driver might encounter.
Although teaching a car to drive itself might seem easy on 
the surface, the real world introduces a variety of problems 
that make it incredibly complex.
It is not enough to teach an AI model to recognize a stop 
sign under perfect conditions.
To handle the real world, the AI model must also be 
prepared to recognize stop signs through thick fog or when 
partially covered by a tree branch.
As you might imagine, processing the car's data and 
making split-second decisions requires powerful computer 
hardware…
And one company in particular has established itself as a 
preferred vendor for Tesla’s powerful onboard computer.
In fact, we like this extra Musk play I’m going to show you 
today so much, we’re adding it to the portfolio…
My #1 Musk Monopoly Stock  
For Right Now
Think about how many memories you've stored over your 
lifetime. Every face you've seen, every conversation you've 
had, every skill you've learned.
AI models need to do something similar, but they do it by 
storing patterns from billions of documents, images, and 
websites.
It's like trying to remember every book in the Library of 
Congress — word for word.
And that's just for training the AI.
Once trained, these models still need massive amounts of 
memory just to think.
Imagine if you had to consciously recall every grammar 
rule every time you spoke a sentence.
That's essentially what AI models do — they juggle enor-
mous amounts of information with every response they 
generate.
This memory-hungry nature of AI is creating a gold rush 
in the memory industry.
Which has been a bonanza for our pick this month,  
Micron Technology, Inc. (MU).
Micron develops and manufactures the memory that  
powers all of our electronic devices.
Your smartphone? It needs memory to run smoothly.
Your laptop? Same story.
Your car's advanced safety features? They rely on memory 
too.
Even your smart home devices need memory to function.
But Micron's biggest customer isn't your local electronics 
store.
It's the massive data centers that power everything from 
Netflix to AI.
These digital warehouses need enormous amounts of mem-
ory to process the world's ever-growing appetite for data.
And that appetite is growing faster than ever.
The rise of AI has created extraordinary demand for more 
powerful and efficient memory solutions.
Just a few years ago, AI was a fascinating concept.
Today, it's revolutionizing everything from healthcare to 
transportation.
But all of these advances share one common need: memory. 
Lots of it.
This is where Micron really shines.
Micron Rides The AI Wave
Micron is poised for explosive growth thanks to the  
AI revolution.
The numbers tell an incredible story. In just the last three 
months of 2024, Micron's data center revenue shot up over 
400% compared to the same period last year.
But that's just the beginning.
The real magic lies in a special type of memory chip called 
High Bandwidth Memory, or HBM for short.
Micron's latest version of this technology, called HBM3E, 
is so good that even industry giant NVIDIA chose it for 
their newest AI chips.
What makes Micron's chips special?
Micron's 12-high stack design can pack 50% more memory 
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
6
into the same space compared to competitors'  
8-high designs.
They also use 20% less energy than the competition.
This advantage has customers lining up. Micron has  
already completely sold out of these chips for all of 2025.
The company isn't stopping there. They're already working 
on the next generation, called HBM4, which will be even 
faster and more efficient when it launches in 2026.
Micron claims HBM4 will deliver over 50% better perfor-
mance compared to current HBM3E chips.
With the release of HBM4, Micron also plans to let  
customers modify part of the chip design for their  
specific needs.
This customization capability is expected to improve  
Micron's profit margins, as custom products typically  
command premium prices.
All of this is taking place at a time when the market for  
these special AI memory chips is exploding. Micron expects 
it to grow from $16 billion in 2024 to more than $30 billion 
in 2025.
By 2030, they predict this market will be worth over $100 bil-
lion — bigger than the entire memory chip industry is today.
To capture this opportunity, Micron is investing heavily 
in new manufacturing facilities. The U.S. government is 
helping too, providing $6.1 billion in funding under the 
CHIPS Act.
They're also building a new facility in Singapore specifically 
for these advanced memory chips.
But there's more to this story than just one type of chip.
Micron is also seeing strong demand for other types of ad-
vanced memory that AI systems need. Their data center sol-
id-state drives (think super-fast storage) just hit record sales.
The company has even started working with its customers to 
create custom-designed chips for specific AI applications.
This transformation is already showing up in Micron's 
financial results. Data center products now make up more 
than half of the company's revenue for the first time ever.
Of course, there are challenges. Making these advanced 
chips isn't easy. It requires massive investments and cut-
ting-edge technology.
Competition is also fierce, especially from Korean compa-
nies like Samsung and SK Hynix.
But Micron has a clear advantage: their chips are more 
power-efficient, which is crucial for massive AI data 
centers where electricity bills can run into the millions.
Looking ahead, Micron expects their AI-related business 
to keep growing rapidly. They're planning to capture  
a bigger share of the market as more companies build  
AI systems.
Not to mention Micron’s partnership with Tesla.
As the onboard memory unit of choice in Tesla’s Autopilot 
hardware, Micron stands to benefit as Musk’s vision of 
driverless robotaxis begins to dominate the roads…
ACTION TO TAKE:  
Buy shares of Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) 
up to $135 per share.
The bottom line: With government support, cutting-edge 
technology, and growing demand from AI companies, 
Micron is perfectly positioned for the future.
The memory chip industry is notoriously cyclical, with 
dramatic ups and downs.
But the AI revolution could change that.
The constant need for more and better memory could help 
smooth out those cycles, providing more stable growth.
Of course, no investment is without risk.
Competition in the memory market is fierce, and develop-
ing new technology isn't cheap.
But Micron's technical advantages and strong partnerships 
give them an edge.
The next few years will be crucial for AI development.
Companies that can provide the fundamental building 
blocks — like memory chips — will be the ones that thrive.
Micron isn't just providing those building blocks.
They're making them better, faster, and more efficient than 
anyone else.
For investors looking to capitalize on the AI revolution, 
Micron offers something unique: a chance to invest in the 
foundation that makes it all possible.
The future of AI is bright.
And it's going to need a lot of memory to get there.
7
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
X Money: Musk’s Favorite Crypto (Not Dogecoin)
By: Chris Campbell
Let’s rewind to 1999.
Musk had a vision.
An online bank with big ambitions. (In retrospect, prob-
ably bigger than the internet could handle at the time.) 
Musk didn’t want to build just another bank; he wanted 
to build the bank. One that handled payments, savings, 
investments, even insurance.
Think PayPal, but supercharged — combining instant 
payments, social features, investments, and even insurance 
— all in one platform, long before anything like WeChat 
or modern fintech giants existed.
Needless to say, it didn’t pan out. Not because the vision 
was flawed, but because sometimes big ideas hit people’s 
brains — especially people like Musk — long before 
they're ready.
In 2000, X.com merged with Confinity, a competitor 
co-founded by Peter Thiel. The result? PayPal. Musk  
was ousted as CEO of the combined company, his vision 
for an all-encompassing financial platform shelved in favor 
of something simpler: digital payments.
The rest is history. PayPal became a juggernaut, and Musk 
walked away richer but unfulfilled.
But here’s the thing about Elon Musk that James alluded 
to: he doesn’t give up. And his original vision of X is an 
idea whose time has finally come. (To paraphrase Victor 
Hugo, there’s nothing more powerful than that.)
The X Strikes Back
Fast-forward 25 years, Linda Yaccarino, X’s CEO, recently 
confirmed what many of us had suspected: X Money is 
real, and it’s coming. Wallets. Payments. Digital currencies. 
It’s all on the table. And it’s coming in 2025.
Musk isn’t just launching a payments platform; he’s  
resurrecting X.com — the original super-app blueprint — 
but on steroids.
Think about it: Musk spent $44 billion to turn Twitter 
into X. Why? Because social media isn’t the endgame. 
The real goal is creating a super-app that blends commu-
nication, commerce, and financial services into a single, 
seamless experience.
Now, if I may, let me give James some well-deserved credit.
Over two years ago, James predicted that Musk’s ultimate 
goal for Twitter (now X) was to make it the ultimate  
payments platform — especially cryptocurrency. Guess 
who quietly liked that post? Elon himself. And now  
here we are. (Here’s the link to the original post:  
altucher.io/Twitter)
There are already hints that crypto will play a key role in  
X Money.
Speculation is rampant about what blockchain it might 
use. Truth is, Musk could build his own blockchain to-
morrow if he wanted to. But the real genius isn’t in  
the tech — it’s in the ecosystem.
The Case for Stellar: Connecting  
the Dots
Let’s start from the top.
Over the past few years, stablecoins have emerged as 
crypto's "killer app". They combine the best of two worlds: 
the relative stability of fiat currencies and the efficiency of 
blockchain technology. They solve the volatility problem 
that plagues traditional cryptocurrencies, making them 
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
8
practical for real-world use cases like payments, remittances, 
and global trade.
Moreover, with near-instant transfers, minimal fees, and 
24/7 accessibility, stablecoins eliminate the friction and 
cost of traditional financial systems. They’ve become in-
dispensable for decentralized finance (DeFi), cross-border 
payments, and even treasury management for companies 
like SpaceX.
That’s right, SpaceX.
SpaceX relies on Bridge, a platform that simplifies using 
stablecoins, to handle its international finances. When 
customers around the world pay for Starlink in different 
currencies, Bridge helps SpaceX quickly convert those 
payments into stablecoins.
These stablecoins are then used to transfer the funds into 
SpaceX's accounts in the US, avoiding delays and high  
fees from traditional banking systems. It’s a faster, cheaper, 
and a more efficient way to manage global payments.
Backed by heavyweights like Sequoia, Ribbit Capital, 
and Index Ventures, Bridge is also used by Coinbase and 
other major players. And just recently, Stripe shelled out 
$1.1 billion to acquire the company, signaling its growing 
importance.
Now, here’s the kicker: Bridge is deeply tied to our  
Altucher’s Investment Network crypto portfolio pick,  
Stellar (XLM).
Bridge partners with Stellar for 
its stablecoin infrastructure. 
Bridge partners with Stellar for its stablecoin infrastructure. 
While SpaceX might not directly use Stellar, it’s likely bene-
fiting from its tech via Bridge.
Meanwhile, Stellar has quietly become one go-to block-
chain for tokenization and global payments. For example, 
$1.5 trillion asset manager Franklin Templeton chose 
Stellar for its tokenized mutual fund.
Also, it’s worth noting: the founder and current CTO of 
Stellar, Jed McCaleb, also happens to be the CEO of Vast, 
a company collaborating with Musk’s SpaceX. That puts 
McCaleb and Musk in close quarters.
Why Stellar Makes Sense for X Money
X Money aims to merge payments, communication, and 
commerce into a single app.
While SpaceX also has ties to Hedera Hashgraph (HBAR) 
through WISeSat.Space...
Stellar’s unique strengths make it a good candidate for  
X Money:
•	 Speed and Cost: Stellar processes transactions in 
seconds at fractions of a cent.
•	 Scalability: Stellar is built from the ground up 
for global payment adoption.
•	 Tokenization Powerhouse: You can tokenize 
anything on Stellar, from stablecoins to  
real-world assets.
If Musk wants to eliminate middlemen, slash fees, and 
streamline global financial transactions, Stellar offers the 
rails to do it.
Lower transaction costs mean 
more microtransactions,  
more e-commerce, and more  
creator tipping.
Lower transaction costs mean more microtransactions, 
more e-commerce, and more creator tipping. It also means 
a massive boost for blockchain adoption, especially Stellar.
If X Money uses Stellar, even just for stablecoins,  
it could propel the Stellar ecosystem into mainstream 
consciousness…
And send the Stellar token to new heights.
The bottom line: Elon Musk dreams big. And when he 
dreams, he doesn’t forget. His resurrection of X Money 
is more than a financial play — it could be a total fintech 
revolution.
Stellar is uniquely positioned to power this vision, con-
necting Musk’s ecosystem of companies and reshaping 
how the world handles money.
Whether it’s stablecoin payments for SpaceX or tokenized 
assets on X, Stellar could be the quiet force behind one of 
Musk’s boldest moves yet.
9
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
Mr. Spaceforce Meets Mr. SpaceX:  
A New Space Race Begins
By: Ari Goldschmidt
They say politics makes strange bedfellows.
But perhaps none are stranger than the ongoing bromance 
between Donald Trump and Elon Musk.
On one side, you have the controversial former president 
who created the Space Force and wants to "Make America 
Great Again."
On the other, the billionaire baby-daddy whose rockets 
have revolutionized space travel and dreams of building 
cities on Mars.
Together, they're about to reshape America's space program.
It all started with a dance.
At a campaign rally in October, Musk appeared on stage 
wearing an "Occupy Mars" t-shirt, moving awkwardly to 
the music while Trump praised him as a "super genius."
But this odd couple's space ambitions are no laughing 
matter.
Musk put his money where his mouth is, contributing  
over $200 million to Trump's successful campaign.
Now Trump is returning the favor, installing Musk as 
co-head of the new Department of Government Efficiency 
(DOGE).
The mission is clear: find $2 trillion in government savings.
NASA's budget is definitely on their radar.
The space agency's current moon program, Artemis, costs a 
staggering $93 billion.
Each launch of its massive Space Launch System rocket 
runs about $2 billion — compared to SpaceX's reusable 
rockets that cost a fraction of that amount.
Something's got to give.
A Need for Speed
Trump and Musk share a burning desire to get to Mars 
fast — possibly during Trump's second term.
"We will land an American astronaut on Mars," Trump 
declared at a recent rally in Pennsylvania (and again at the 
inauguration) "Get ready, Elon, get ready. We gotta land 
it, we gotta do it quickly."
It's an incredibly ambitious timeline that has many space 
experts choking on their coffee.
Getting humans to Mars safely would normally take years 
of careful planning and testing.
The journey itself could last up to three years round trip.
And Mars is hardly a friendly destination — with deadly 
radiation, toxic soil, and barely any atmosphere.
But Musk isn't known for taking things slow.
His company SpaceX completed more than 138 launches 
last year — roughly one every three days.
That's an unprecedented pace in the history of spaceflight.
And their massive new Starship rocket, while still in testing, 
is specifically designed for Mars missions.
The Money Problem
But here's where things get complicated.
NASA's current budget is about $25 billion per year.
That might sound like a lot, but it's spread thin across 
many programs.
There's the International Space Station to maintain.
Scientific missions to study Earth's climate (though these 
might see cuts under Trump).
And of course, the expensive Artemis moon program.
Trump and Musk will need to find creative ways to do 
more with less.
The China Factor
Adding pressure to the situation is China's growing space 
program.
The Chinese government plans to land its own astronauts 
on the Moon by 2030.
They're also working on getting Mars samples back to 
Earth before NASA.
Trump won't want to let China take the lead in space.
But can America really pursue both the Moon and Mars  
at the same time?
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
10
The Political Reality
Then there's Congress to deal with.
Many lawmakers have NASA facilities or contractors in 
their districts.
These jobs are important to the voters they represent.
And they won't easily give them up, even if SpaceX offers 
a cheaper alternative.
The Space Launch System rocket, for example, provides 
thousands of jobs across multiple states.
The Likely Solution
So what's likely to happen?
Expect a hybrid approach that tries to keep everyone happy 
while still pushing boundaries.
NASA's expensive programs might be gradually phased 
out rather than suddenly canceled.
SpaceX could see its role expand dramatically, especially in 
Mars-related development.
Regulations might be streamlined to speed up testing and 
development of new rockets.
And more funding could flow to technologies needed for 
Mars missions.
The New Space Economy
This is where things get really interesting for investors.
The changes coming to America's space program will  
create enormous opportunities.
Companies that supply SpaceX will see their business 
explode.
New technologies developed for Mars missions could turn 
into valuable technologies here on Earth.
And the race to establish resource extraction on the  
Moon and Mars could open up trillion-dollar markets.
Just look at what's already happening:
SpaceX has become the dominant player in government 
launches.
They've won billions in contracts from NASA and the 
military.
Their Starlink satellite internet service is revolutionizing 
global communications. The Altucher’s Investment Network 
portfolio pick, STMicroelectronics NV (STM), is a hidden 
backdoor play into Starlink.
STM makes the critical components for the user terminals 
for Starlink. That includes the special antennas and radio 
frequency circuits that connect customers to those satellites 
orbiting overhead.
And they're just getting started.
A Transformative Moment
History shows that the biggest opportunities come from 
moments of transformation.
The Trump-Musk partnership represents exactly such  
a moment.
Their shared vision — however ambitious or unrealistic — 
will reshape America's space program.
Smart money is already moving into space-related invest-
ments.
From semiconductor manufacturers who supply critical 
components… To mining companies developing technolo-
gies for extracting resources from other worlds…  
To companies working on life support systems and  
radiation protection…
For those who invest wisely, the returns could be truly 
astronomical.
The California Gold Rush created more millionaires 
among those who sold picks and shovels than among  
the miners themselves.
The same principle applies here.
Bottom line: Look for companies providing the "picks and 
shovels" of the new space age, including James’ unofficial 
recommendation on a backdoor opportunity into SpaceX 
and Starlink via the ERShares Private-Public Crossover 
ETF (XOVR).
Because while flags and footprints make for good headlines...
The real revolution in space will be driven by economics.
Just as the Internet changed how we communicate...
And smartphones changed how we live...
The commercialization of space will change what's possible 
for humanity.
That transformation is already underway.
And it's about to shift into high gear.
11
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
The Trump/Musk Microcap Double-Play
By: Chris Cimorelli
I’ve never been happy with second place.
If I play, I play to win.
Back in September, I made a couple of “strategic specula-
tions” ahead of the Fed’s FOMC meeting when rate cuts 
were imminent. Okay, I was gambling…
I had a hunch a new, exciting sector of the tech market 
would start taking off once some risk appetite worked its 
way back into stocks.
So, I bought shares of Quantum Computing Inc (QUBT) 
— a tiny microcap worth about $60 million at the time I got 
into it.
Quantum computing, for years, has been that hypothetical 
“next trade” in the tech markets. It’s still early and the tech 
isn’t entirely functional yet. But hype is a powerful thing. 
And I figured the company that bears the technology’s 
name would do rather well.
As fate would have it, I ended up grabbing last year’s 
second-best stock before its big run-up. Within three 
months, I cashed out with a 2,287% gain.
I bring this up for a couple of reasons.
I realize you don’t really know me yet. But for the past 
year, I’ve been working with James on a special project 
to identify the top microcap stocks in the market — tiny 
companies that also happen to be industry leaders in their 
respective fields.
I also bring this up because I think it’s a sign of things  
to come.
Trump & Musk’s One-Two Punch
Large caps have been leading the market higher since 
2011. Small — and microcap stocks by extension —  
are primed for takeoff.
Small — and microcap stocks  
by extension —  
are primed for takeoff.
This isn’t unusual. These market leadership cycles typically 
last 12 years on average. We’re 14 years into the current 
cycle. So, we know historically that smaller stocks are 
ready to take the lead.
With the combined forces of Donald Trump and Elon 
Musk, 2025 makes that baton pass look inevitable.
Both of these gentlemen — easily the two most powerful 
figures in the world right now — have two plans in place 
that will benefit smaller stocks over the biggens.
By the way, here are the earnings expectations for small 
stocks this year. This is a crazy chart.
Small stocks are set to outperform large caps in the S&P 
500 by 2-to-1 in the first quarter. In the second quarter, 
they’re set to outperform nearly four-fold, and keep that 
pace through the rest of the year.
As you can see, small stocks (in green) are set to outper-
form large caps in the S&P 500 (in grey) by 2-to-1 in the 
first quarter.
Estimated Earnings Growth Larger vs Smaller Stocks
Russell 2000 Index
S&P 500 Index
Source: Capital Group
60
55
50
45
40
35
30
25
20
15
10
5
0
1Q‘25E 
2Q‘25E 
3Q‘25E 
4Q‘25E
28.7
48.6
57.7
48.3
12.9
12.5
13.4
18.0
In the second quarter, they’re set to outperform nearly 
four-fold, and keep that pace through the rest of the year.
So, if you don’t have exposure to smaller stocks at the  
moment, now is the time.
Onto the Donald!
We all remember how much Wall Street liked him during 
his first term. I remember the anxiety and trepidation of 
investing through 2015 and 2016. The market had just 
reclaimed its highs from 2000 and 2008 and a lot of people 
were fearful it was about to roll over again.
It didn’t. Then Don won. And 2017 launched an epic, second 
stage of the bull market and we’ve never looked back.
Eight years later, he’s about to do it again.
You will recall, one of the primary catalysts for 2017 was 
Trump slashing the corporate tax rate.
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
12
Prior to Donald, the U.S. corporate tax rate was one of the 
most onerous in the world. It was the highest in the world 
among major economies, at a statutory rate of 35%. Some 
businesses paid more.
Trump slashed it to 21%, making it the most competitive. 
Now? He has plans to cut the tax rate even further to 15%.
This will do a couple of things. It will make the stock 
market go higher, yes. But it will make small stocks go up 
even more.
This change, obviously, will only apply to businesses that 
are based in the U.S. Large caps, by their nature, run mul-
tinational operations and get half of their revenue overseas. 
So, a lot of them set up shop somewhere else or rely on 
weird tax strategies to pay a lower effective tax rate.
Small caps, by contrast, generate 80% of their revenue in 
the U.S. and don’t have the infrastructure to utilize these 
strange tax havens. So, any change in domestic tax policy 
affects them more.
Elon Coming in With the Knockout
One of my New Year’s resolutions is to get back into  
boxing. It’s a great stress release and a killer back and  
forearm workout.
In boxing, the left jab is what stuns you. The right hook 
knocks you out.
Donny’s got the left jab. Elon’s coming in with the  
right hook.
We’ve heard a lot about DOGE — the new Department 
of Government Efficiency. (By the way, I made a killing 
on dogecoin in 2021… so I am just eating this up).
Everyone is talking about two of its purposes — slashing 
headcounts in the federal government and cutting other, 
unnecessary costs.
But there is a third purpose — cutting regulations. And 
this stands to benefit small stocks just as much as the lower 
tax rate.
By some estimates, regulations cost the U.S. economy  
$3 trillion each year, or roughly 12% of GDP. That’s the 
same size as Nvidia’s market cap. It’s also the same size  
as the ENTIRE small cap universe… combined.
Elon and Vivek Ramaswamy (remember him?) plan to cut 
“thousands” of federal regulations.
This matters for small businesses because regulations are 
like landmines. Larger companies have the necessary 
resources and manpower to navigate the terrain. Smaller 
companies can’t compete when they have to operate  
in a weird regulatory environment that indiscriminately 
benefits larger companies.
Wall Street Making Moves
Remember last summer when everyone was talking about 
small caps because the Fed was about to cut rates?  
Remember September when everyone started talking about 
them again because the Fed actually cut rates?
No one’s talking about them right now.
And that’s your opportunity.
Fourth quarter 13F-filings — which reveal the securities 
owned by large investment managers — are due out  
February 14.
Fourth quarter 13F-filings 
— which reveal the securities 
owned by large investment  
managers — are due out  
February 14.
After three consecutive rate cuts, I have no doubt in my 
mind that we are going to see massive reallocation and new 
allocation into small and microcap stocks from large money 
managers and financial institutions. They know what 
Trump and Elon are planning.
Wall Street has been waiting for the madness to die down. 
The Russell 2000 shot up 10% in a week back in July once 
the Fed news dropped. It shot up 10% again moving into 
the September rate cuts. Then again after Trump’s win.
Here’s how the year ended though: As the chart below 
shows, the S&P 500 outperformed the small cap universe 
two-to-one.
SPY vs. IWM Performance
SPY
IWM
32
28
24
20
16
12
8
4
0
-4
-8
J 
F 
M 
A 
M 
J 
J 
A 
S 
O 
N 
D 
J
Source: Trading View
13
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
Now, compare that to the other chart I shared showing 
earnings expectations for 2025. Do you think large caps 
will outperform them again? Or are we witnessing the start 
of a huge paradigm shift?
This Is the Moment
It’s been a while since we’ve seen such a large outperform- 
ance cycle in small caps.
From 1975 to 1983, small caps doubled the annualized 
return of large caps and provided 4x the cumulative or  
total return. Small caps also doubled the performance  
from 2000 to 2011.
Since 2011, large caps have left small caps in the dust.  
This year, the tide will turn in a big way.
And when small caps outperform, microcaps do even 
better.
Over large periods of time… I’m talking 20 to 30 years, 
microcaps outperform small caps, which outperform mid 
caps, which outperform large caps, which outperform 
mega caps. In the next column is a chart illustrating this — 
from 1990 to 2020 microcaps outperformed big stocks by 
two-to-one.
Large Cap to Micro Cap Average Annual Return 1990-2018
40
35
30
25
20
15
10
5
0‘90 
‘95 
‘00 
‘05 
‘10 
‘15 
‘20
Micro-Cap
Small-Cap
Mid-Cap
Large-Cap
The key? You have to buy microcaps when they’re cheap. 
And right now, they’re trading at some of the deepest 
discounts relative to large caps in literally decades.
James and I are giving our best ideas in Microcap  
Millionaire. We’re looking for companies that are worth $1 
billion or less that have the potential to return 1,000% over 
1-5 years. We’re also focusing on stocks that happen to be 
leaders in their field, despite their size.
To find out more about investing in these tiny, potentially 
explosive stocks, give our team a call at 844-228-8835 and 
ask about joining our Microcap Millionaire service. You 
won’t regret it!
Altucher’s Investment Network Top 5 Buys
My team and I are always on the lookout for the best ways 
to help you create your own financial fortress.
Because at the end of the day — no matter what’s going on 
in the economy, inflation, or geopolitical events — to build 
lasting wealth…
You have to focus on the best opportunities in today’s 
market.
That’s why I’m so excited to present a monthly list of our 
Top 5 Buys.
There are dozens of great open positions in our portfolio. 
And if you’re just starting out — or hunting for new oppor-
tunities — the number of choices could be overwhelming.
These are the existing recommendations that offer the best 
mix of growth and profit potential RIGHT NOW.
Of course, singling out our Top 5 does NOT mean the 
other open positions aren’t worth your attention.
Consider our Top 5 a starting point… the best of the best 
that you can move to the top of your buy list.
And if you already own these stocks, great! You could even 
consider adding more shares to your portfolio.
So without further ado, here’s our Top 5 Buys for this month:
1. Micron Technology, Inc. (MU)
AI’s massive data centers need enormous amounts of 
memory to process the world's ever-growing appetite for 
data, which puts Micron in prime position to benefit from 
the AI revolution.
The company’s specialized High Bandwidth Memory 
(HBM) solution is so good that even industry giant NVID-
IA chose it for their newest AI chips. Micron has already 
completely sold out of its latest version of these chips for all 
of 2025. And data center products now make up more than 
half of the company's revenue for the first time ever.
Micron is also seeing strong demand for other types of 
advanced memory that AI systems need. Their data center 
solid-state drives (think super-fast storage) just hit record 
sales. And Micron has a clear advantage over its competi-
tors: their chips are more power-efficient, which is crucial 
for massive AI data centers where electricity bills can run 
into the millions.
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
14
Buy shares of Micron Technology Inc. (MU)  
up to $135.
2. Stellar (XLM)
As mentioned in Chris Campbell’s full article above, Elon 
Musk’s X Money project could use Stellar as its backbone 
for payments, stablecoins, and tokenization. Why Stellar? 
It’s fast, cheap, and scalable. Stellar has already been prov-
en in the real world, with SpaceX using Bridge—a Stellar 
partner—for global treasury management.
Here's what we know: X Money is going to integrate 
stablecoins. There's no question about that. If X Money 
integrates Stellar tech to be the backbone for stablecoins, it 
could bring crypto payments to the masses in a way no one 
else has done before.
Buy Stellar (XLM)  
at the market price.
3. Block, Inc. (XYZ)
Block, Inc. (XYZ) has had quite a run lately, with shares 
surging over 52% since August. But there's a massive 
potential catalyst ahead that few investors are talking about 
— and it could send shares even higher. Block logged 
its fourth consecutive quarter of profits in November, 
marking an important milestone that makes the company 
eligible for inclusion in the S&P 500 Index.
This is huge because with trillions in assets directly indexed 
to the S&P 500, index funds would need to buy billions 
worth of Block shares to meet their required allocations. 
And that's not even counting the additional trillions in 
actively managed funds that use the S&P 500 as their 
benchmark. Many of these funds would likely add Block to 
their portfolios as well.
Block is also a major player in Bitcoin, holding over 8,000 
BTC. Block's crypto position adds another huge element 
to the story. With Bitcoin surging past $100,000, the com-
pany's holdings are worth over $800 million. And as 2025 
is looking like another terrific year for the leading crypto-
currency, Block’s holdings are likely to increase in value.
Buy shares of Block, Inc. (XYZ) up to $110.
4. iShares Micro-Cap ETF (IWC)
On January 13, the IWC bounced off its 200-day mov-
ing average. This is the third time the micro-cap ETF has 
found support around its 200 moving average since break-
ing above that key moving average in early December 2024.
The past two times the IWC tested its 200-day moving 
average, it recovered quickly and surged to new highs. I 
expect the same thing to happen over the next four weeks.
Micro-cap stocks surged immediately after President 
Trump won the election in November. After the re-
cent 10% correction in the IWC, we’re looking for that 
post-election bullish momentum to resume and push 
micro-caps to new highs.
Buy shares of iShares Micro-cap ETF (IWC) 
up to $160.
5. Dell Technologies Inc. (DELL)
Dell is helping make Elon’s AI dreams become reality 
by providing the hardware backbone — what Dell calls 
its "AI Factories" - to Musk’s AI supercomputer project, 
called Project Colossus. Think of these as modern-day in-
dustrial plants, but instead of making cars or steel, they're 
churning out artificial intelligence.
But that's just the beginning. They just announced their 
first-ever partnership with AMD to put AI-powered chips 
in business computers. And they’re working with Core-
Weave to build cutting-edge data centers with special 
cooling systems for the next generation of AI.
The potential profits are staggering. Industry experts predict 
AI could add $20 trillion to the global economy by 2030.
Last month, Dell reported their server and networking 
revenue shot up 58% to $7.4 billion — a new record. And 
they've got $4.5 billion worth of AI servers on backorder. 
More than 2,000 companies are waiting in line to get their 
hands on Dell's AI hardware.
Wall Street's taking notice. UBS just named Dell their top 
pick for 2025, predicting the stock could jump another 27%.
Buy shares of Dell Technologies Inc. (DELL)  
up to $145.
15
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
Ask James
Earlier this month, I asked for your help in writing 
this month’s issue. I received a TON of great questions 
and I really appreciate it. But one question from sub-
scriber Karen Bacolod stood out.
(By the way, thanks again Karen, I had my team give 
you a free year of Altucher’s Investment Network as a way 
of saying thank you!) Her question hit home consid-
ering where we are right now in the world. I had a lot 
of fun answering this — so please keep the questions 
coming using this link: altucher.io/AskJames.
Q: What are some strategies you have 
thought of to increase the human skills  
like creativity that grow our value in the  
Age of A.I.?
I was so broke I was going to lose my house and I was 
convinced I would die at the same time. Like self com-
bust. Just a year or so earlier I had over $15,000,000 in 
the bank from selling my first company.
I remember the specific day. Reloading my portfolio  
at Prudential while it hit past $15 million.
But three years later, in March, 2002, I was at an ATM 
machine. I made the mistake of asking to see my  
balance. Don’t ask me to do that. I don’t want to see it.
It was $143. I had made many bad decisions in a row 
and now I was about to die.
24 hours a day I was in a panic. I didn’t know how 
to get out of bed in the morning. What the hell was I 
going to do?
I’d take these long walks in New York City. I would 
sometimes pass the projects on Avenue D. I don’t 
know what buildings were there before the projects but 
I saw on his Ellis Island paperwork that my grandfa-
ther lived right there, whatever was there, before it had 
been torn down and the projects went up.
What’s weird is that when he went through Ellis Island 
his last name was Greenberg. I have no idea how it be-
came “Altucher” from “Greenberg”. And now everyone 
I was related to is dead and I have nobody to ask.
One time on these walks I randomly went into a res-
taurant supplies store. There was a box in the front of 
the store filled with waiter’s pads. It was $10 for 100 
waiter’s pads.
I don’t know why I bought the box. I like the look of 
waiter’s pads. They have a retro feel. The light blue. The 
red lines. You can only write bullet points on a single 
page of a waiter’s pad. Not enough room for a novel.
The next day I took a waiter’s pad on my walk. I had a 
coffee and I tried to think of ideas for a book. Maybe I  
can make money writing a book.
I came up with ten ideas for a book and wrote them 
down on the pad.
The next day I pulled out the waiter’s pad and had my 
coffee and I looked at the ideas from the day before. 
Wow, I thought, I have no hope of making any  
money with these ideas. They suck. I’m going to  
lose everything.
But then I saw one idea of a book I wanted to write,  
“How to beat your friends at every game in the universe.”
So I wrote down 10 games I wanted to write about and 
a tip or two of how to win each game.
For instance, in Scrabble, if you know the two-letter 
words, you can beat anyone who doesn’t. If you know 
“Za”, “Qi”, “Xi”, “Xu” are legal words I think you can 
beat anyone. Throw in “Qat” and “Qopf” and you are 
golden.
For Monopoly, if you buy the Orange properties you 
will win. Because Jail is the most commonly visited 
square (because of the “Go to Jail” cards in the Com-
munity Deck) and since 7 is the average dice roll it 
puts you right in the middle of the Orange properties. 
Build hotels and charge a lot of rent.
And so on.
I was excited! And I thought about it all day.
A L T U C H E R ’ S  I N V E S T M E N T  N E T W O R K
16
The next day I wasn’t so excited anymore. But I wrote 
down more ideas. And each day I wrote down ten  
more ideas.
I looked forward to this hour or so in the morning 
where I would read a bit and then pick up the waiter’s 
pad and write ideas.
It was like a magic pad. It made my brain cells con-
nect. It stirred me up and tried to get me passionate 
about things.
One time I wrote down ten ideas for articles Jim Cram-
er should write. I cold-sent it to him. I didn’t know 
him at all.
In 20 minutes he wrote back and said, “you should 
write these!” And a few months later I got a $200 
check from thestreet.com for the first article I ever got 
paid for. I framed that article. A few years later thes-
treet.com bought a company I started for $10 million.
I wrote another list: “ten ideas for trading systems”.  
I cold-sent that list to a hedge fund manager who then 
gave me money to manage.
I was now a professional financial writer and a hedge 
fund manager. And I was broke. But finally I was 
making money again.
That was 23 years ago.
Every day since then I write ten ideas a day.
Because of ideas lists I’ve written I’ve been invited out 
to Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Quora, Twitter, and 
many other places.
I’ve built new businesses because of idea lists.
It took me a long time but I finally got back on my 
feet, was building businesses, and I was the most  
creative I’ve ever been in my life.
Creativity is a muscle. But like any muscle, it atro-
phies. It atrophies fast. Most people don’t realize  
how deadened their creativity muscle is until it's too 
late. I was like that.
But it’s not too late. Start today writing ten ideas  
a day down.
Some people ask me, “Do you have a stock tip?”  
Sure. But it’s hard for people to follow tips.  
There’s really very little specific advice to get rich.
You have to have the creativity. The spark. Crypto. AI. 
Biotech. Things are happening that seem like they will 
take jobs away.
They will. For the civilians. But for the Creatives, 
it's just the beginning. All these technologies are just 
tools. Weapons to be wielded by the creative warrior  
in each of us.
So my advice is to do exactly what I did.
Buy or borrow a waiter’s pad. And every morning write 
ten ideas.
It doesn’t matter if they are good or bad. Just write 
them. It’s exercise. And it has to be at least ten.  
Make it a little hard. Like exercise, it should be a  
little unpleasant.
Creativity is a muscle.  
But like any muscle, it  
atrophies. It atrophies fast. 
And sometimes write ideas for other people and send 
them those ideas.
And sometimes take two idea lists and combine them. 
They will have idea sex with each other and make little 
idea babies.
Like, I love games and I love writing books. So 
combining those two ideas gave me “how to beat your 
friends at every game in the universe.”
I never wrote that book. It’s not a great idea. But each 
day your creative muscle improves 1%. And the power 
of compounding means every year your idea muscle 
improves 3,700%.
I don’t really know what that means but it works. I 
can’t wait until tomorrow and I take my waiter’s pad 
and write ten more ideas. What will they be? It’s like a 
gift the pad gives me each day.
I did go broke then. I lost my house. I ended up  
divorced and lonely and scared.
But I had this one thread, this one practice, that I held 
onto each morning, and bit by bit it pulled me out of 
misery, made me money, gave me a career, made me 
friends, gave me my life back.
Do it.
